sites/prescriptions.md, before:

|          |                                                                  |
|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| filename | reorder-prescriptions.html                                       |
| title    | Re-order Prescriptions                                           |
| *source* | https://www.boroughlochmedicalpractice.com/repeat-prescriptions/ |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For the convenience of our patients, we want to offer a way to order prescriptions online without our patients having to physically come into the practice or ordering a house call. Here in the UK, the App AskMyGP is one way to do this. However, for those who can not or do not want to use this app, we also want to offer a form to order prescriptions in a standardized manner, albeit still preferring the usage of AskMyGP. The page should read as follows: 

> Prescriptions for ongoing medications may be requested online via AskMyGP. Please allow a minimum of 2 working days before collection. If you are making your request outwith surgery hours, please note that this will not be received until the next working day.
> 
> If you have run out of your repeat medications, and have not already put in a repeat request, you must attend to see the Doctor.
> 
> Repeat medication will not be issued by a GP making house calls or during a surgery based consultation (unless you are specifically attending for repeat medication and have completely run out).
> 
> If the usage of AskMyGP is not an option for you, you may also order your prescriptions here. Note that this process may take longer before you are able to collect your prescription (up to 8 business days).
 
The prescription formular should have the following fields so we can identify the patient and pull his address and prescriptions from our archives:
- Name
- Birthdate
- Policy Number
- E-Mail (optional, for further inquiry)
- Ordered Prescriptions
Upon submission, a confirmation should appear telling the patient that the order has been received successfully (it will require us to manually review it after submission, and if an E-Mail was given we'll notify them about when the prescriptions can be picked-up, or ask further questions if e.g. an unknown prescription is ordered)

**NOTE:** We only need a good-looking design right now. The "Submit" button of the formular doesn't have to actually contact the back-end (which a separate contractor will be working on) yet.


| Usage Example    | Source                                                     | Image                                               |
|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| AskMyGP Contact  |  https://www.boroughlochmedicalpractice.com/appointments2/ | ![Prescriptions via AskMyGP](../images/askmygp.png) |

Commit message:

Adjust prescriptions to include AskMyGP link

sites/prescriptions.md, after:

|          |                                                                  |
|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| filename | reorder-prescriptions.html                                       |
| title    | Re-order Prescriptions                                           |
| *source* | https://www.boroughlochmedicalpractice.com/repeat-prescriptions/ |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For the convenience of our patients, we want to offer a way to order prescriptions online without our patients having to physically come into the practice or ordering a house call. Here in the UK, the App AskMyGP is one way to do this. However, for those who can not or do not want to use this app, we also want to offer a form to order prescriptions in a standardized manner, albeit still preferring the usage of AskMyGP. The page should read as follows: 

> Prescriptions for ongoing medications may be requested online via AskMyGP. Please allow a minimum of 2 working days before collection. If you are making your request outwith surgery hours, please note that this will not be received until the next working day.
> 
> If you have run out of your repeat medications, and have not already put in a repeat request, you must attend to see the Doctor.
> 
> Repeat medication will not be issued by a GP making house calls or during a surgery based consultation (unless you are specifically attending for repeat medication and have completely run out).
> 
> If the usage of AskMyGP is not an option for you, you may also order your prescriptions here. Note that this process may take longer before you are able to collect your prescription (up to 8 business days).
 
You can include our AskMyGP link here in a similar fashion as you did for our contact site (see [contact.md](contact.md) for more information).

The prescription formular should have the following fields so we can identify the patient and pull his address and prescriptions from our archives:
- Name
- Birthdate
- Policy Number
- E-Mail (optional, for further inquiry)
- Ordered Prescriptions
Upon submission, a confirmation should appear telling the patient that the order has been received successfully (it will require us to manually review it after submission, and if an E-Mail was given we'll notify them about when the prescriptions can be picked-up, or ask further questions if e.g. an unknown prescription is ordered)

**NOTE:** We only need a good-looking design right now. The "Submit" button of the formular doesn't have to actually contact the back-end (which a separate contractor will be working on) yet.


| Usage Example    | Source                                                     | Image                                               |
|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| AskMyGP Contact  |  https://www.boroughlochmedicalpractice.com/appointments2/ | ![Prescriptions via AskMyGP](../images/askmygp.png) |
